.TH "spmfilter-spamassassin" "1" "29 April 2010" "" ""

.SH "NAME"
spmfilter-spamassassin - spmfilter plugin
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fB[spamassassin]\fR

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P

spamassassin is a plugin for spmfilter that enables spmfilter to spam-check
emails with the help of the daemonized version of Spamassassin (spamd). The
major goal of this plugin is to provide an easy way for spam-checking messages.
Currently the message is given to spamd which actually takes care of spam-checking
the message, after completion the email is simply passed back to spmfilter which
takes care of further processing. Activation of the module is done by adding
spamassassin to the modules-variable within the [global] section in
spmfilter.conf like follows:

[global]
.br
 ...
.br
modules = spamassassin
.br
 ...




.SH "OPTIONS"
.P
Configuration for spamassassin is done by adding a new section for spamassassin to
the spmfilter.conf:

[spamassassin]
.br
host = 127.0.0.1
.br
port = 783
.br
quarantine_dir = /var/spool/spam
.br
reject_spam = false
.br
reject_msg = message identified as spam



Following options are needed:

.IP \fBhost\fR
IP-address of the Spamassassin-daemon. This option is mandatory.

.IP \fBport\fR
Port on which the Spamassassin-daemon listens. This parameter is optional,
port 783 is used as default if the port is not defined.

.IP \fBquarantine_dir\fR 
Defines the absolute path to the quarantine directory. This option is mandatory,
so please make sure the path exists and is read/writeable for the spmfilter user.

.IP \fBreject_spam\fR true|false
If set to true, the plugin will reject spam messages. It is no good idea
to reject messages, if spmfilter is configured as after queue filter.

.IP \fBreject_msg\fR
If reject_spam is set to true, reject_msg will be used as smtp response message.

.P
Please note that all configuration concerning spam (like required_score, etc)
is done within the Spamassassin-configuration. The spmfilter spamassassin-plugin
therefor only needs to know on which ip-address and port spamd listens at.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
spmfilter.conf(5), spmfilter(1), smf-spamctl(1), smf-spamq(1)

.SH "AUTHOR(S)"
.P
spmfilter-spamassassin was written by Axel Steiner <ast@treibsand.com>
